Updated Heartcore MVC Sample (#4213)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Heartcore/Client-Libraries/Dot-Net-Core/MVC-Sample/index.md

# MVC Sample

In `/samples/Umbraco.Headless.Client.Samples.Web/` you will find a .NET 6.0-based MVC website implementation. It presents one possible approach to creating a website using Umbraco Heartcore for Content Delivery.

The sample is built around a sample project with the alias `demo-headless`. You can choose to test the sample with the sample project or connect the sample to your own project.

## Prerequisites

> - [.NET 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/2.2)

Author: Awesome, I will have a look at those ASAP. It should be merged when [this PR](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Headless.Client.Net/pull/50#event-6983694262) is merged. In this way, it matches the code :-)

}
```

The controller is now in place, but to show our content, we also need to define a view.

> 1. Create a folder in `/Views` using the alias of the Document Type, e.g. `/HomePage`
> 2. Create an `Index.cshtml` file in the new folder
> 3. Follow steps 2-3 from the ['Define a view file' section](#define-a-view-file).
> 4. Build and run the solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder in `/Views` using the alias of the Document Type, e.g. `/HomePage`.
2. Create an `Index.cshtml` file in the new folder.
3. Follow steps 2-3 from the [Define a view file](#define-a-view-file) section.
4. Build and run the solution.
```

## Building view files

> In order to render out the data from the properties on our content, we need to use the `@Model.PropertyName` approach, where the value value of the property you want to display data from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To render out the data from the properties on our content, we need to use the `@Model.PropertyName` approach, where the value is the Name of the property you want to display the data from.
```

An example could be a text string property with the alias `heading`. To render the data from this property on the frontend, we will need to use `@Model.Heading`.

> > **Note**
> > To render data from a property the property must be defined in the view model (`@model`), and it must match an alias on the corresponding content node from your Umbraco project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
To render data from a property, the property must be defined in the view model (`@model`), and it must match an alias on the corresponding content node from your Umbraco project.
:::
```
